[Bandit] Looks like the
meeting with the feudal lord
is happening today as scheduled.
We had some unexpected
interference,
but whatever.
Let's notify the boss.
Finally, time for the Mujina
Gang to make our move.
Lord Uzumaki, we've been
expecting you. This way.
(Boruto gasping)
Lord Tento is waiting
for you in the garden.
R-right.
This way, please.
[Boruto] You booked the entire
hotel and all the gardens?
Wow, feudal lords sure
do things differently.
Oh yeah? Is that weird?
I mean, it's not like we
bought the whole place.
[Boruto] Oh, he's
such an arrogant jerk.
(opening theme music)
(woman singing in Japanese)
But never mind about all that.
What's it called, the
Shadow Clone Jutsu? Show me!
Besides, the Feudal
Lord, Ikkyu Madoka,
has requested you
personally for this job.
(sighing) Fine, guess
there's no choice.
Not just watch
closely, you brat.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Whoa!
There's one, two, three,
four, five of you!
Real ninjas are
so amazingly cool.
You're definitely
the Hokage's son.
Gee, thanks.
[Tento] So cool!
[Boruto] He's actually
really excited.
Maybe he isn't so bad after all.
But you know, I've
heard that the Hokage
can make over 1,000 clones,
and compared to that,
this is pretty lame.
[Boruto] This mission might be
even tougher than I thought.
Next I want to see that one,
oh, what was it called?
Where you transform?
Oh, you mean
Transformation Jutsu?
Yeah, that, that!
Uh, sure thing.
(Tento giggling)
All right, now to give
him just a little shock.
Transform!
Sexy Jutsu.
(Tento gasping)
Followed by...
The Harem Jutsu.
How's that, you brat? So
shocked you can't talk, huh?
(Tento laughing)
What? That is so not
the reaction I expected.
Well, that was
fun, but honestly,
I would have preferred a less
flashy version than that one.
Those sexy types come and
go all the time at my house.
Frankly I'm kind of
tired of seeing them.
Little punk.
You know what?
I'm willing to bet you don't
have any friends at all.
Huh? But aren't you
my friend, Boruto?
(sighing) You know,
I've gotta say,
you really are kind
of dense, aren't you?
What about my
attitude ever gave you
the impression that's what I am?
Oh boy, I'm just so happy.
I've always wanted to
have a ninja friend
who's about the same age as me.
Are you listening at all?
[Tento] Take a look! This
is my X Card collection!
What? Amazing!
You even have a con exclusive
Sharingan Mode Kakashi Hatake!
You practically have
every single card!
Yeah, and that's only the
binder of my rares and above.
I have other binders as well.
With all these, why
don't you have my dad's,
I mean, why don't you have one
of the Seventh Hokage, then?
I haven't been able to get
the card I really want.
It's kinda weird.
Yeah, right?
Wait, don't tell me...
You, you have it.
What is it?
That's the card that you want?
The card that I want?
That's an understatement.
It's the only reason
why I keep buying them.
I've never seen the actual
thing before, you know?
Hm, should I give it to you?
What? Hey!
Do you even have any
idea just how rare
this card actually is?
I mean, this one is
super duper rare.
Ah, it's not a big deal.
Even if it is rare.
As long as I have my black card,
I can just get it again.
In exchange, would you
teach me some ninjutsu?
Huh?
Ninjas are so cool and strong.
I was thinking of becoming one.
Come on.
If you teach me ninjutsu,
then I'll give you that
really rare card you want.
That's a pretty
good deal, right?
No thanks.
Huh? Why not?
I'm the type of guy
who gets what he wants
by using his own strengths,
no matter how hard
it might be, get it?
How about something else?
Just name anything
you want, okay?
Ask me and I'll give it to you
if you just teach me ninjutsu.
[Boruto] This guy just
uses money to get his way.
[Tento] Come on, please?
You don't have anything
else to do anyway, right?
Okay, fine.
But training is
gonna be super hard.
Really? Awesome!
[Boruto] All right, time to
be really hard on the kid
and beat that bad
attitude right out of him.
Cut the defense budget?
But sir, we have to continue
to investigate the ruins
that Kaguya left behind.
Also, there are
other things that-
Yes, I'm aware.
And I know that this peace
is most likely temporary.
I fully expect,
that this situation won't
continue forever.
So I think it's important
to put our focus
more on social services
and on education,
which we've never
really budgeted for.
Maybe, but-
Shikamaru.
Lord Ikkyu.
Like I always tell you,
please just call me Ikkyu.
You're the only person I can be
totally at ease and honest with.
Ikkyu, whether you decide
to divert the budget or not,
what we do isn't going
to change even a bit.
Naruto.
Shinobi have a duty to
protect our nation and people.
(sighing) Thank you so much.
Well, all right then.
I'll be heading out now.
You're leaving already?
To be honest, I'd like to
just stay here and talk,
but then, neither of us really
have the time for that, do we?
Oh, wait. That's right.
Your son came along on the trip
with you this time, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
I don't often get to
spend time with him.
This was a way for me
to make amends for that.
It seems he's become rather
obsessed with ninja lately
because of something
called X Cards.
(Naruto laughing)
So when he found out that I
was going to the Leaf Village,
he insisted on coming along.
Also he asked Boruto
to be his bodyguard.
Yes, so I hear.
He can be quite a handful,
but please ask your
son to be good to him.
I couldn't pay very
much attention to him,
so he grew up to be spoiled and
a little bit out of control.
I think that's just how
every kid is, you know?
[Ikkyu] I really
hope that's true.
(suspenseful music)
No more. I'm done.
I mean, is it even possible
to hit this target?
I don't believe it.
You've gotta do a better
job of teaching me.
Look, I've been teaching you
just fine this whole time.
Watch.
You see, you don't
actually throw a shuriken.
You kinda strike them, you know?
Do you understand?
Strike instead of throw?
Aw, come on! Why
doesn't it hit already?
Well, it isn't
something you're gonna
be able to do right away.
(Tento sighing)
Hey, why do you want to train
to become a ninja, anyway?
Oh, I got interested in it
after I started
collecting X Cards.
I mean, ninja are just
so strong and cool!
Is that all?
Okay, I'm feeling this!
Go!
-I can't.
-Well, that was quick.
I just can't hit
anything at all!
Listen, don't you
want to become strong?
You want to become a
cool shinobi, don't you?
Well, then you're
simply gonna have to
show a little more dedication.
Oh, just shut up.
Hya! Hya!
Come on!
I hate this.
Yeah. I knew he'd give up.
Are you starting to get it now?
Things don't usually go
the way you want them to
unless you work really
hard to achieve them.
(Tento groaning)
You know what? Let's
just call it a day.
What's the point of all
of this if we stop now?
I'm gonna keep
trying till I get it.
Oh, what?
All right. Get up.
Huh?
If you really want
to do this so badly,
then I'll stick with
you till you get it.
Boruto.
Oh, right. Of course.
I get it now. You still
want that rare card.
No, that isn't the reason
why I'm doing this.
I'm doing it because you
finally got serious about it.
Sure, okay.
[Boruto] Man, he
makes me so angry.
Oh dear me.
Where could he have gone now?
Seriously, what's that
bodyguard thinking
letting him run off?
(energetic music)
Damn it! (breathing heavily)
That was close. Again.
-Milord!
-Huh?
Yamaoka.
Oh, Milord. So this
is where you were.
Look, look, Yamaoka!
I just barely missed the target.
Before now, I
couldn't even get it
to go in the right direction!
Now what is the meaning
of this, Lord Boruto?
You were only asked to
guard the young Lord.
We can't have you acting
without authorization.
Hold on, Yamaoka!
Milord, this is too dangerous.
Bu I asked him to teach me.
Please don't blame Boruto.
Well, that may be so,
but you're the heir of the
Feudal Lord of the Land of Fire.
There is simply no need for you
to undertake training
such as this.
But I've actually made
progress! Just a little longer!
Milord-
-Let him do it.
-Huh?
He's finally starting
to get the hang of it.
It's more fun for him to
hit a target with shuriken
through his own
strength then to just
go out and buy a rare X Card
with his black card right now.
Please, Yamaoka?
Hmm.
Good grief. Very well.
However, this is only
for the time being,
while we're here in the Leaf.
All right! The next
one will be a bullseye!
I think there's something
deeper going on here with him.
Now put your focus on striking.
Just a little while earlier
you had mentioned the
young master's black card.
It was a gift that the
Feudal Lord had given
to the Young Lord
for his birthday.
Huh? It was?
The Feudal Lord has been so busy
that he doesn't even know
what his son might want
when it comes to giving gifts.
He decided to get
that card so his son
could purchase
whatever he wants.
Here, Milord, this
is a birthday present
your father left for you.
Wow! I wonder what it is!
Why, what is it?
Oh.
Just leave it to Papa.
And still, he smiled so brightly
and he said "This is
just what I wanted."
He then began collecting the
strongest X Cards he could find
and started to participate
in tournaments.
Just recently, he made it to
the finals of a big tournament.
So then trying to
win the tournament
was a way to deal
with his loneliness?
You could very well
be right about that.
It may be that he thinks
his father will watch him
if he's able to
garner some attention
playing in one of
these tournaments.
So he said that he's going to
win the next one without fail.
No wonder he's
collected so many cards.
Yes, if he's able to
complete his collection,
winning would be
a near certainty.
And the Feudal Lord would
be sure to attend the event.
All he wants is simply for
his father to acknowledge him,
even if it's just a little bit.
But today the Young
Lord might well have
discovered something
even bigger than that.
I have never seen him be so
enthusiastic about anything.
Not like this.
(Tento shouting)
(Tento gasping)
-I did it!
-Whoa there!
I hit the target, I did it!
You see? You really
can do it if you try.
I finally hit the bullseye!
But if I don't
keep on practicing,
then I'm gonna lose
my touch, aren't I?
You got that right.
If you don't keep at it,
muscle memory can fade.
And even with practice,
you won't always
hit the bullseye.
But still, if you
just keep at it,
I bet it'll lead to something.
(energetic music)
[Tento] Something?
Yeah, something you can't
buy with a black card.
Something you can only
earn with your hands.
Here's a good luck
charm for you.
Now, make sure you
stop and come back
before you push
yourself too much.
I'm going to go ahead
and get your dinner ready
for when you return, Milord.
Can you stay with me
a little bit longer?
Yeah, sure thing.
(Tento shouting)
[Boruto] Hey, looking good.
Huh?
(bird wings flapping)
Who goes there?
(Yamaoka breathing heavily)
Dammit, a decoy again?
Boruto, you fall for
traps too easily.
That means I'm all out
of life points now.
Game over. I win again.
Oh man.
Why don't they have
some kind of rule
where you can win just
by persevering, huh?
What does that even mean?
You know, I was wondering.
What kind of people
become ninja?
I mean, seriously, can
I actually become one?
Well, it really all
depends on how much effort
you put into it, but uh, do you
actually want to become one?
Yeah.
My dad is always telling
me ninja are amazing,
that they're trustworthy people.
He's always working and
is hardly ever at home.
And it seems like he's thinking
about ninja all the time.
So I want to become a
ninja who's amazing enough
to get put on an X Card,
and then maybe he'll finally
pay more attention to me.
(somber music)
You did just great.
It's important, you know?
Actually, it's, it's the
most important thing.
I'll be watching.
I'm-
You're what?
I'm just like you.
I wanted my dad
to notice me too.
I did a whole lot
of stupid things
just to get his attention.
Even got banned from
being a ninja once.
I'm only able to be one now
because everybody forgave me.
Boruto.
I just, I may not
be much right now,
but one day I want to
be an amazing ninja
who supports the Hokage.
I know that I will.
Well, I know that it
isn't gonna be easy.
(laughing) What's
that all about?
(both laughing)
Okay, just one more game then.
Oh, that's right.
You still don't have a
Seventh Hokage card, do you?
[Tento] No.
Now you do.
What, seriously? (gasping)
No, I don't want it.
Huh? Why not?
Well, because I decided
I'm gonna get what I want
with my own strengths,
no matter how hard
that might be for me.
Well, then this is for
hitting the bullseye.
You earned it by working
hard for it all on your own.
What do you say?
(Tento gasping)
Thanks so much!
Hey, will you keep
on training me
with the shuriken tomorrow
and the next day, too?
Yeah, sure. But the road
ahead is long, you know?
Yeah, I know that.
Okay. I'm gonna be super
strict with you tomorrow.
Mm-hm!
(upbeat music)
Oh yeah. Tomorrow, huh?
Yeah, but I don't want
to go home just yet.
Boruto, it was just a
few days, but I had fun.
Yeah. Me too.
Who would've thought, huh?
We'll meet again, right?
Hey, listen up.
I mean, is that something
you'd say to a friend?
(Tento whimpering)
Oh, Boruto!
(Boruto laughing)
[Boruto] Hey, why
are you crying?
[Bandit] Did you get the face?
Yeah.
Now the Feudal Lord
will have no choice
but to give into the
Mujina Gang's demands.
[Bandit] Understood.
We're all counting on you.
Boss.
(closing theme music)
[Yamaoka] Milord, we must flee.
[Tento] Yamaoka, what happened?
[Yamaoka] I saw
a suspicious man.
It's possible he's here
to take Lord Ikkyu's life.
If we stay here, he
might even target you!
[Tento] No, wait.
I'll catch him.
Take me to him!
It's time to show Papa the
results of my training!
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations".
"The Value of a Hidden Ace".
[Yamaoka] You're gonna be
our hidden ace, Lord Tento!
(closing theme music)